Hey, can we move our 3pm call to tomorrow instead?
Sorry to ask, but could we reschedule our Monday meeting to Wednesday? Something came up.
Would it be possible to shift our interview slot from 10am to 2pm on the same day?
Hi, I need to postpone our Friday catch-up to next week. Let me know what works.
Can we push back our Teams call by an hour? I'm running late.
Any chance we could reschedule our demo with the client to Thursday afternoon?
My manager just asked me to move our check-in to after lunch. Is that okay?
I'm struggling with timing – could we delay our consultation to sometime next week?
Hey, about our planning session – can we rebook it for Friday instead of Wednesday?
Hi, I'm sorry but I need to shift our appointment with the advisor to later today. Are you free at 4?
Is it okay if we postpone our Zoom meeting until next Tuesday? I have a conflict.
We need to reschedule the project member review. How about Thursday at 11?
Can we move our office hours slot to after 2pm? I have a prior commitment.
Hi, could we rebook our supplier demo for next Monday? This week is packed.
Urgent: I have to shift our interview with HR to tomorrow – same time?
Hey, would you mind if we delayed our follow-up call by 30 minutes? Traffic is bad.
Sorry, can we reschedule the team sync to sometime this week? Today's not working.
I need to move our one-on-one to a different day. Are you free on Thursday?
Hi, could we postpone our strategy meeting until next week? I'll send a new invite.
Can we push our consultation back to 3pm? I have a deadline at 2.
Hey, my doctor just called – can we reschedule our call to tomorrow morning?
We need to shift the client demo to next Wednesday due to their availability.
Hi, can we move our appointment with the professor to after class? Maybe 4pm?
Is there any way we can delay our review session until Friday? I need more prep time.
Sorry for the last minute – could we reschedule our Zoom chat to later this evening?
My manager asked us to move the quarterly check-in to next Monday. Works for you?
Can we rebook our interview slot for a later time? The candidate is unavailable now.
Hey, I need to postpone our planning session to after lunch – something urgent came up.
Hi, could we shift the team meeting to 11am instead of 10? Waiting on a report.
Would it be possible to delay our appointment with the doctor by one hour?
I'm stuck in traffic – can we push back our 2pm call to 2:30?
Hi, we need to reschedule the advisor meeting to Thursday. Are you free then?
Can we move our Friday demo to Monday? The client is traveling.
Sorry to ask again – could we postpone our follow-up until next week? This week is crazy.
Hey, can we shift our office hours to 1pm? I have a dentist appointment at noon.
Is it okay if we reschedule our Zoom consultation to sometime after 3?
I've got a conflict – can we move our project sync to tomorrow instead?
Hi, the professor wants to reschedule our meeting to next Tuesday. Is that cool?
Can we delay our interview by 15 minutes? The previous one is running over.
We need to rebook the supplier demo for a new time. How about Thursday 10am?
Hey, my client just requested to move our call to Wednesday. Let me know your availability.
Sorry, can we shift our check-in to later this week? I'm swamped today.
Hi, can we postpone our planning session until after the holiday? Maybe the 5th?
Is there a chance we could reschedule our Teams call to Friday? Something came up.
I need to delay our consultation by a couple of hours – would 4pm work for you?
Hey, can we move our interview slot to 11am instead of 9? Interviewee asked.
Hi, we should reschedule the team review to next week. Let's find a slot.
Sorry for the inconvenience – can we push our appointment to tomorrow same time?
Can we shift our demo with the customer from Tuesday to Thursday? They're busy.
Hi, my advisor just emailed – can we rebook our session for Friday afternoon?
Hey, can we move our 3pm call to tomorrow instead? Something came up.
Sorry to do this but I need to reschedule our Thursday appointment. Are you free next Monday?
Hi, any chance we could shift the interview to later this week? Maybe Wednesday afternoon?
My manager just booked over our meeting slot. Can we reschedule the Teams call for Friday?
Urgent: need to postpone our demo. Can we do next Tuesday at the same time?
Hello, I have a conflict with the 2pm check-in. Could we move it to after lunch today?
Professor asked to reschedule our office hours session to next week. Let me know your availability.
The client just requested to shift the consultation to a later date. How does next Thursday look?
Sorry for the last minute change, but can we push the planning session back by an hour?
Hey, the doctor's office called—need to rebook my appointment for sometime next Wednesday.
Is it possible to move the advisor meeting to the morning? I have an afternoon conflict.
Hi, I need to postpone the follow-up call. Can we set it for sometime before Friday?
Urgent: the supplier can't make it on Monday. Can we reschedule our vendor call to Tuesday?
Could we shift the Zoom call to after 5pm? Something unexpected came up.
Hey, my team meeting got moved. Can we reschedule our one-on-one to Thursday instead?
Sorry, I have to cancel and rebook the customer demo. Are you free next week any day?
Hi, the group session needs to be rescheduled. How about we do it next month?
Can we move the interview from Friday to Monday? The hiring manager is out.
Hello, regarding our appointment on Tuesday, can we postpone it to Wednesday afternoon?
My kid is sick, so I need to reschedule the check-in. Are you available later today?
Hey, the professor wants to shift the review session to the evening. Does 7pm work?
Quick request: can we reschedule the Teams call to 10am? I have a conflict at 11.
Sorry but the client just pushed their deadline. Can we move our strategy call to next week?
Hi, I need to postpone the consultation. Any slot open on Thursday or Friday?
Is it okay if we delay the demo by one day? Let me know your availability.
Hello, the doctor had an emergency. They asked to rebook my appointment for next month.
Hey, the project members voted to move the planning session to 5pm. Does that work for you?
Could we shift our one-on-one to after lunch? I have a meeting running over.
Urgent: need to reschedule the supplier meeting. Can we do it tomorrow morning?
Hi, the interview panel is busy on Wednesday. Can we move the interview to Thursday?
Sorry to ask, but can we postpone the check-in until next week? I'm swamped.
Hey, the team decided to postpone the review session. Let's find a new slot in the coming days.
My manager wants to reschedule our meeting. Are you free for a call on Friday instead?
Hi, the customer can't make our demo tomorrow. Can we shift it to next Monday?
Could we move the office hours session to a later time? How about 4pm?
Hello, I have a conflict with the 2pm interview. Any chance we can reschedule to 3pm?
Hey, the advisor is out of town. Can we postpone our meeting to the following week?
Sorry, I need to push back our planning session. Does Tuesday at the same time work?
Hi, the group session has to be rescheduled due to a room conflict. How about next Tuesday?
Can we delay the kickoff call by 30 minutes? Running late from another meeting.
Hello, the client asked to move the consultation to the afternoon. Is 2pm okay?
Hey, my appointment with the doctor needs to be rebooked. Can you help me find a new slot?
Urgent: the project timeline shifted. Can we reschedule the review session to Friday?
Hi, the professor wants to move the office hours to Thursday. Let me know your availability.
Sorry for the inconvenience, but can we reschedule our Teams call to next Monday?
Could we shift the interview from Monday to Tuesday? The candidate is unavailable.
Hey, the supplier called and needs to postpone our meeting. Are you free Wednesday?
I have a family emergency—can we reschedule the check-in to sometime next week?
Hi, the demo needs to be moved due to technical issues. How about Thursday at 3pm?
Hello, my manager asked to reschedule our one-on-one. Are you free after 4pm today?
Hey, can we move our Thursday call to Friday instead? Let me know.
Sorry to ask, but is it possible to shift our meeting next Monday to Tuesday? Something came up.
Would it be okay to reschedule our interview slot from 3 PM to 4 PM today?
Hi, I need to postpone our planning session until next week. Can we find a new time?
Can we push back our appointment with Dr. Lee to later this month? I'll check my calendar.
Hi, could we reschedule our demo for the client? Maybe sometime next Tuesday?
I'm really sorry, but I have a conflict - can we move our Zoom call to after lunch tomorrow?
Hey, our catch-up call at 2 pm - any chance we can delay it by an hour?
Could we shift the team check-in from Thursday to Friday instead? Let me know what works.
Hi, I need to reschedule the advisor meeting originally set for Wednesday. Any availability on Thursday afternoon?
Is it possible to postpone our consultation to next week? I'll send over some options.
Hey, the client meeting tomorrow - can we move it to later in the week? Maybe Wednesday?
Sorry for the hassle, but can we rebook our office hours session for another day? I'm free most afternoons.
Hi, I have to reschedule the follow-up with Sarah. Can we do Monday instead of Friday?
Could we move our interview slot to an earlier time on the same day? Like 10 am instead of 2 pm?
Hey, can we shift the planning session from next Monday to Tuesday? I'll check with the team.
Hi, I need to postpone the supplier demo - can we find a new slot sometime next week?
Is it possible to reschedule our Teams call to after 4 pm today? Something urgent came up.
Sorry, could we push back our appointment with the professor to next Friday? I'll send a few times.
Hey, the group project meeting - can we move it to later this week? Maybe Thursday evening?
Hi, I have a scheduling conflict - can we reschedule the check-in with my manager to tomorrow morning?
Could we delay the client demo to next Tuesday? Let me know if that works.
Hey, do you mind if we shift our review session from Wednesday to Thursday? Same time?
Hi, is it okay to reschedule the advisor meeting to sometime next week? I'll list my available slots.
Sorry for the short notice, but can we move our call from 10 to 11 tomorrow?
Hey, can we postpone our planning session to after lunch instead of before?
Hi, I need to rebook the consultation with the doctor - any time next week works for me.
Could we reschedule the interview originally set for Friday to Monday? Let me know.
Hey, the team's weekly check-in - can we push it to Thursday instead of Wednesday?
Hi, is it possible to shift our demo with the customer to next week? I'll coordinate with the team.
Sorry to ask again, but can we move our appointment to a different day? Maybe later this week?
Hi, can we reschedule the follow-up meeting to next Monday? I have a conflict on Friday.
Hey, the supplier call - any chance we can delay it to after lunch?
Could we postpone the group session to next Tuesday? Same time slot works for me.
Hi, I need to reschedule the office hours meeting - can we do Friday instead of Thursday?
Sorry, could we shift the professor meeting to an earlier time? Like 11 am instead of 2 pm?
Hey, can we move our check-in to later today? Maybe around 4 pm?
Hi, is it possible to reschedule the client presentation to next Wednesday? Let me know your thoughts.
Could we push back the planning session by a day? Move from Monday to Tuesday?
Hi, I have to postpone the demo - can we find a new slot next Thursday afternoon?
Hey, our interview call - any chance we can shift it to a time after 3 pm tomorrow?
Sorry, can we reschedule the consultation to sometime next week? I'll send over my availability.
Hi, the team review meeting - can we move it to Friday? I think everyone is free then.
Could we delay the appointment with the advisor to week after next? Let me know.
Hey, is it okay to shift our follow-up call to later this week? Maybe Thursday morning?
Hi, I need to rebook the client demo - can we try for next Tuesday morning?
Sorry, could we postpone the group session to after the holiday? Like the week after?
Hey, can we move our check-in from 1 pm to 2 pm tomorrow? Something came up.
Hi, is it possible to reschedule the supplier meeting to next Monday instead of this Friday?
Could we shift the interview slot to a different day? I'm free on Wednesday and Thursday.
Hi, I need to reschedule the office hours consultation - can we do next Tuesday at 3 pm?
Hey, I need to reschedule our meeting for tomorrow. Can we move it to later in the week?
Sorry to ask, but could we shift our phone call from 3pm to 5pm today? Something came up.
Hi, can we postpone our interview scheduled for Friday? Maybe next Monday works better.
Would it be possible to move our Teams call to Thursday instead of Wednesday? My schedule changed.
I have to reschedule our appointment with the doctor. Can we find a slot early next week?
Hey, I need to delay our planning session. How about after lunch tomorrow?
Can we push back our 2pm check-in to 3:30? I'm running behind.
Is it okay to rebook our demo for the client? Next week any day works.
My advisor just asked to reschedule our meeting. Are you free sometime this Friday?
Hi, can we move our Zoom call with the team to next Tuesday? This week is crazy.
Sorry for the last minute, but can we postpone our consultation to after the holiday?
Could we shift our follow-up to later today? I have a conflict at the original time.
I need to reschedule the interview with HR. Is Thursday morning possible?
Can we change the time of our call? Maybe 10am instead of 9am works better?
Hey, the professor wants to move office hours. Are you free after 4pm tomorrow?
Is it possible to rebook our appointment with the supplier? Next Monday afternoon?
I'm so sorry, but can we delay our meeting by an hour? My previous call is running long.
Can we postpone our strategy session until after the release? Maybe next Wednesday?
Hi, can we shift our check-in from Monday to Tuesday? Something urgent came up.
Would you mind if we rescheduled our call for later in the week? Let me know your availability.
I need to move our planning meeting. Is Friday at 2pm open for you?
Sorry, can we reschedule our demo with the customer? They requested a different time slot.
Hi, the team lead asked to postpone our sync call. How about Thursday at 11am?
Can we delay our consultation by 30 minutes? I'm stuck in traffic.
I hate to do this, but can we shift our interview to next week? This week is packed.
Is it okay to reschedule our office hours session? I have a conflict with another meeting.
Can we move our caller to 4pm instead? The original time no longer works.
Hey, can we postpone our follow-up meeting until after the weekend?
I need to reschedule our appointment with the advisor. Are you free next Tuesday in the morning?
Sorry, but can we shift our Zoom call to after lunch? I have a deadline this morning.
Can we reschedule our team meeting to Wednesday? Two people can't make it tomorrow.
Hi, is it possible to delay our planning session until next week? We need more prep time.
Could we move our check-in from 1pm to 2pm today? Something came up unexpectedly.
I need to postpone our consultation. Can we do it next Thursday instead?
Sorry to bother you, but can we reschedule our call with the client? They asked for a different day.
Hey, can we shift our appointment with the doctor to Friday? They called to change it.
Is it okay to move our interview slot to 4:30pm? The original time is now double-booked.
I have to reschedule our meeting with the supplier. Can you do next Monday at 10am?
Can we postpone our review session until after the project submission? Maybe next week?
Hi, can we move our Teams call to 11am instead of 10am? I have an earlier conflict.
Sorry, but I need to delay our demo by a day. Is Thursday okay for you?
Hey, can we reschedule our office hours? Are you free tomorrow around 2pm?
I need to shift our planning meeting to later this week. How does Thursday at 3pm sound?
Can we postpone our check-in until next Monday? This week is too busy.
Is it possible to move our call with Ahmed to after 4pm? He's not available before.
Sorry for the inconvenience, but can we reschedule our interview to next Tuesday morning?
Hi, can we shift our consultation to 5pm? My earlier appointment got rescheduled.
I need to delay our follow-up meeting. Let's do it after the conference next week.
Can we reschedule our team sync to Friday? Many people are out tomorrow.
Hey, could we move our appointment with the advisor to 1pm? I have another commitment at noon.
Sorry, something came up—could we reschedule our Friday meeting to next Monday?
Would it be possible to shift our appointment with Dr. Lee to later this week?
I need to postpone the client demo; can we set it up for Thursday instead?
Hey, our check-in with Sarah—can we push it back an hour?
Sorry for the last minute, but can we reschedule the Teams interview to next Tuesday?
The planning session with the team—could we move it to after lunch?
Hi, is it okay if we delay our Zoom call to sometime next week?
I've got a conflict—can we rebook the consultation with Ahmed for next Wednesday?
My manager wants to move the advisor meeting to Friday afternoon—does that work?
Can we shift the follow-up with the customer to next month?
Hey, the supplier meeting—can we schedule it for a different day this week?
Sorry, but I need to postpone the office hours session. Could we find a new slot on Thursday?
Our review session with the group—can we reschedule it to after the holidays?
Is it possible to move the project members' check-in to tomorrow morning?
Hi, I need to change the time for our appointment with HR—can we do later today?
The demo with the client—can we postpone it to next week?
Hey, can we reschedule the interview for next Friday instead of this Friday?
Sorry, but I'll need to shift the call with the advisor to sometime after lunch.
Could we move the consultation to before Friday? I have a conflict.
Our meeting with the professor—can we rebook it for a later time this week?
Hi, can we delay the Teams call by an hour? Something urgent came up.
Is it okay if we postpone the planning session to next month? I'll send a new invite.
Hey, sorry—can we push back the interview to next Monday afternoon?
I need to reschedule the appointment with the doctor. Are you free on Tuesday?
The group check-in—can we find a slot that works for everyone after the holiday?
Hi, my manager wants to move the client call to Thursday—does that work for you?
Can we shift the Zoom meeting with the team to later today, say 5pm?
Sorry for the inconvenience, but could we reschedule the demo to next Wednesday?
Our follow-up call—can we postpone it until after the weekend?
Hey, I need to move the office hours session. How about Friday at 2pm?
The supplier consultation—can we rebook it for sometime next week?
Hi, can we put the interview on hold and reschedule for a later date?
Sorry, but I'll have to shift the advisor meeting to next Tuesday. Let me know.
Could we delay the review session by a day? I have another commitment.
Our appointment with the customer—can we set it up for the same time but next week?
Hey, the planning meeting—can we move it to earlier in the day?
Is it possible to reschedule the call with Sarah to after lunch?
Sorry, the professor asked to shift the office hours to Thursday instead.
Can we postpone the Teams interview and book it for Friday morning?
Our group session—can we find a new time? Maybe next Monday?
Hi, I need to reschedule the consultation with Dr. Lee to next month.
Can we move the check-in with the team to tomorrow? Today is too packed.
Hey, the client demo—could we delay it by a few days and rebook?
Sorry, but I have a conflict—can we shift the appointment to next week?
The interview slot—can we reschedule it to a later hour on the same day?
Our follow-up with the supplier—can we postpone it to next Friday?
Hi, can we reschedule the review session with the professor to next Monday?
Hey, the planning session with the project members—let's move it to Thursday.
Sorry, can we delay the Zoom call and set it up for after the weekend instead?
Hey, can we move our 3 PM call to tomorrow instead? Something came up.
Would it be possible to reschedule our Monday meeting to Wednesday? Let me know if that works.
I need to shift our appointment with Dr. Smith to next week. Sorry for the inconvenience.
Could we postpone the project review session? Maybe later this week?
Hi, sorry to do this, but I have to reschedule our interview slot. Are you free Thursday afternoon?
My manager just asked me to push back our check-in meeting. Does Friday work for you?
Is it okay if we move the Teams call from 2 PM to 4 PM today?
I'm afraid I have a conflict—can we rebook the demo for Tuesday instead?
Can we delay the client consultation? I'm swamped and need more time to prepare.
Hey, our planning session for tomorrow—can we shift it to later in the week? Sorry.
I need to reschedule the office hours appointment. Any slots open on Friday?
Could we move the supplier meeting to after lunch? Something urgent popped up.
The professor wants to postpone our advisor meeting to next Monday. Is that okay with you?
I forgot I have another commitment—can we rebook the interview for Thursday?
Let's reschedule the follow-up call. How about same time next week?
Our 10 AM with the team—can we push it to 11? A conflict just came up.
Hi, I need to shift the appointment with HR. Are you available sometime after 2?
Sorry for the last-minute change, but can we move the Zoom meeting to tomorrow?
Is it possible to postpone the consultation to Friday? That works better for me.
Can we reschedule the check-in with the group? Maybe later today after 4 PM?
I have to reschedule the demo for the client—my system crashed. How about next Tuesday?
Hey, our meeting with Sarah—can we move it to Wednesday instead of Monday?
The doctor's office called—they need to shift my appointment to next week.
Could we delay the review session by an hour? I'm stuck in traffic.
I need to push our planning session to sometime next week. What days work for you?
Is it okay if we rebook the call with Ahmed to Thursday afternoon? Sorry.
Can we reschedule the interview? The candidate has a conflict now.
My schedule changed—can we move the advisor meeting to after lunch?
We need to postpone the project kick-off meeting. Let me check everyone's availability.
Hi, can we shift the Teams call to 3:30 instead of 2:30? I'll send an updated invite.
I hate to do this, but can we reschedule our consultation to next Monday?
The client asked to move our demo to Friday. Can we do that?
Sorry, I need to postpone the follow-up session. Sometime next week?
Can we rebook the appointment for next Wednesday? My calendar is a mess.
Hey, let's reschedule the check-in call. How about same time tomorrow?
